Changelog

1. Streamlined process to flow smoother and execute faster.
    a. Starts of with a "main screen" section
        a.5 (edit after this was written) - Managed to finish the talent upgrade section
        aa. Checks events checkbox and collects (only if notification visible)
        ab. Checks daily quests checkbox and collects
        ac. Checks weekly quests checkbox and collects
        ad. Checks daily gift checkbox and collects (only if notification visible)
        ae. Checks get mail checkbox and collects (only if notification visible)
        af. Checks opens chests checkbox and collects
            af1. collects all chests and gifts
            af2. will collect oracle chests if upgrade blessings is checked, even w/o open chests
    b. Start of "town" section (will stay in town until this section completed)
        ba. Checks for guarding training
        bb. Checks for skip tavern checkbox and collects ClaimBeer
            bb1. will randomly choose 1 of the 6 cards if spend tokens checked
        bc. Checks oracle for rituals
            bc1. will claim blessings if checkbox SelectedItem
            bc2. will claim daily oracle chest if checkbox selected (only if notification visible)
        bd. Checks for skip engineer checkbox and goes in if not checked
            bd1. If upgrade WM selected, will go to garage
                bd1a. will select chosen WM and upgrade based on selections
                bd1b. goes to engineer screen from here to check for tools claim
            bd2. if no WM upgrade chosen, goes to engineer to check for tools claim
        be. Checks for Exotic Merchant master toggle
            be1. will sell exotic if one of the 3 radio dials is checked
            be2. will upgrade exotic tree from top to bottom and left to right
                bd2a. will scroll until it purchases once, then move on
            be3. will buy exotic chests if checkbox selected (only best chest)
        bf. Checks of Arena checkbox is selected
            bf1. does your 5 arena fights
            bf2. will stop if spend tokens popup appears
            bf3. 12 hour timer until it tries arena again
                bf3a. set to 12 hours in case you start cycle at an odd time, also just helps ensure it's done
        bg. Checks for skip alchemy checkbox and open alhemist if not
            bg1. will check for free to complete and completed alchemy and restart them
            bg2. will use exotic coins if that option is checked
        bh. Checks for skip research checkbox, opens research if not
            bh1. will look for free to complete and completed research
            bh2. cycles through the columns from top to bottom, left to right and buys first it finds
            bh3. must faster than previous versions with msgbox popups that self close to watch progress
    c. Back to Main screen for final section
        ca. Checks for skip guild checkbox, opens guild if not selected
            ca1. Opens expeditions and completes/restarts (only if notification visible)
            ca2. Checks for skip claiming pickaxes, otherwise claims if one+ is available
            ca3. Checks for use pickaxes on crystal checkbox and hit crystal if available
            ca4. Checks for awaken heroes checkbox and attempts to awaken (only if notification visible)
        cb. Map section
            cb1. Opens map and looks at mission progress
                cb1a. Checks for no missions running
                cb1b. checks for completed missions
                cb1c. checks for missions with 3+ minutes left
                cb1d. checks for missions that are free to complete early
                cb1e. cycles through this until top mission is not there or over 3 minutes left
            cb2. Looks for idle troops
                cb2a. cycles through the map to start missions if troops found
            cb3. Once troops are used up, goes to campaign to check for rewards
            cb4. Checks for Liberation missions checkbox   
                cb4a. Will open missions and complete based on your stars you chose in dropdown
                cb4b. Also does the dungeon
                cb4c. also on a 12 hour timer to save time
    d. Upgrades Heroes (suggested to set to Milestone before starting script)

2. Maps and Research
    * Made both of these previously troublesome sections extremly fast and reliable to complete.
    * Used more PixelSearch commands instead of clicks to help speed the process up
    * MsgBox's used in place of sleep delays to show user what script is doing


3. Future Updates

** Looking to include Talent Upgrades via the script
 - This involves a ton of code and will take some time to complete, will not be able to fully test before release

** Looking into the possibility of implementing upgrading hero gear as well

** May also look into adding meteorite tree upgrading

4. Final Thoughts

Please leave me feedback on how this is working for you or to report bugs. You can join my discord at: https://discord.gg/N2BsyptbNH